let's let me too busy with my CLO and I
want to show you the deck profile that
I'm the deck I'm gonna be running this
format so here we go you've got pretty
Hyperion pretty much the boss most of
the deck really good BLS course too
Chrystia 303 Venus let's play Guinness
you can play symbols roshambo to
Harold's warns lie pretty much like the
Baylor the veil over the death but
instead of just negating it destroys a
one-off here we get into the variety
that the deck here we go we got tgd
werewolf three it's a dark for BLS then
we got TD striker TD striker and Venus
in your hand that's an instant trish and
that's for the creatures
then we got three dualities one dark
hole one book mind control one heavy to
space life ins and 18 born and then we
have traps what does shoot one
torrential tribute to one ends when I
guys like those other sexy Ultimates and
then one solemn judgment 45 TC agents
and we got my Extra Deck once I Kurt
wyvern one Trish one alia Justice the
scythe decisive armor once started an
army on one scrap dragon one catastor on
black rose one Briana
one librarian one wonderful one live
here on the wire then one Roach one
gotcha gotcha guys that's it please rate
comment subscribe and let me know we
think and tell me up with any changes
either cuz you made